I will inspect the goods for him
Let go of me!
roll
Would you like it?
Ah go away, you want to replace 3,000 Shura
I became my brothers. Shut up
Uh-huh.
score
I'm so worried.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Ahhhhh
I must make you disappear
Do you know that you have fallen into disaster?
And finally.
I will make Xu Zihao who bullied you pay the price
You're doing this at the expense of you and the entire Qiao family
Go, I'll take you out of the limelight
And finally.
Qinghe Lin Fan
This is my savings for ten years
Enough to settle you in for a while
Go away.
Qinghe
I can't let you pay for my mistakes
Besides, I'm not what I used to be now
Just give me a moment.
I can definitely protect you and the Qiao family, Lin Fan
If you're really good for me, just leave
Don't come back Qinghe I
Qinghe, I promise you to leave now